README.md, before:

<p>
<img alt="GitHub repo size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub closed pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
</p>

# Hello World And some Examples in different Programming Languages

This repository contains a big list of programming languages and some examples for them. Also there are some descriptions about them and some tutorials. If you want to learn a programming language, the decriptions, tutorials and examples for that language in this repo might be helpful.

## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, read [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Total Languages in the Repository: 62.


### A

---

- [Arduino](/Arduino) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Assembly](/Assembly) - Added By [Taha Farahani](https://github.com/tahacodes)


### B

---

- [Bash](/Bash) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Batch](/Batch) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Befunge](/Befunge) - Added By [Saeed Nejati](https://github.com/saeednj)
- [Brainfuck](/Brainfuck) - Added By [Amirmahdi Tafreshi](https://github.com/mr-tafreshi)


### C

---

- [C](/C) - Added By [Mohammad Ebrahime](https://github.com/moheb2000)
- [COBOL](/COBOL) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Clojure](/Clojure) - Added By [Milad Ahmadi](https://github.com/Mildroid)
- [Cobra](/Cobra) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [CoffeScript](/CoffeScript) - Added By [Mehen](https://github.com/mehanalavimajd)
- [Cpp](/Cpp) - Added By [Mani Jamali](https://github.com/manijamali2003)
- [Csharp](/Csharp) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Css](/Css) - Added By [Amin Ghs](https://github.com/aminghs)
- [Curl](/Curl) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)


### D

---

- [D](/D) - Added By [Sina](https://github.com/sina-devel)
- [Dart](/Dart) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)
- [Django](/Django) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Docker](/Docker) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)


### E

---

- [Elixir](/Elixir) - Added By [Kourosh Alinaghi](https://github.com/KouroshAlinaghi)
- [Erlang](/Erlang) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)


### F

---

- [Flask-python-framework](/Flask-python-framework) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Flutter](/Flutter) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Fortran](/Fortran) - Added By [Saeed Bayat](https://github.com/01shadowalker01)
- [Fsharp](/Fsharp) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)


### G

---

- [Go](/Go) - Added By [Sina Yeganeh Faal](https://github.com/SinaYeganeh0-0)
- [Go-Gin](/Go-Gin) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Groovy](/Groovy) - Added By [Elyas 'Eloy' Hadizadeh Tasbiti](https://github.com/elyashadizadeh)


### H

---

- [Hack](/Hack) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Hashemi](/Hashemi) - Added By [Erfan Saberi](https://github.com/erfansaberi)
- [Haskell](/Haskell) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)
- [Haxe](/Haxe) - Added By [Amin Asadi](https://github.com/aminasadiam)
- [Html](/Html) - Added By [Sina Yeganeh Faal](https://github.com/SinaYeganeh0-0)


### J

---

- [Java](/Java) - Added By [Mani Jamali](https://github.com/manijamali2003)
- [JavaScript](/JavaScript) - Added By [Amin Ghs](https://github.com/aminghs)
- [Julia](/Julia) - Added By [Ali Madihi](https://github.com/mrunderline)


### K

---

- [Kotlin](/Kotlin) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)


### L

---

- [Lua](/Lua) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)


### M

---

- [Makefile](/Makefile) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Matlab](/Matlab) - Added By [Mohammad Mirsafaei](https://github.com/MohammadMirsafaei)


### O

---

- [OBJECTIVE-C](/OBJECTIVE-C) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [OCaml](/OCaml) - Added By [Mohammad Masoudi](https://github.com/mmasoudih)
- [Octave](/Octave) - Added By [Sato](https://github.com/satocoder)


### P

---

- [Pascal](/Pascal) - Added By [Arian Ebrahimi](https://github.com/ribrea)
- [Pashmak](/Pashmak) - Added By [Parsa](https://github.com/pashmaklang)
- [Perl](/Perl) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Php](/Php) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Python](/Python) - Added By [Reza Bojnordi](https://github.com/rezabojnordi)


### R

---

- [R](/R) - Added By [Arian Ebrahimi](https://github.com/ribrea)
- [Red](/Red) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Ruby](/Ruby) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Rust](/Rust) - Added By [Amirmahdi Tafreshi](https://github.com/mr-tafreshi)


### S

---

- [SQL](/SQL) - Added By [Saeed Bayat](https://github.com/01shadowalker01)
- [Scala](/Scala) - Added By [Elyas 'Eloy' Hadizadeh Tasbiti](https://github.com/elyashadizadeh)
- [Scheme](/Scheme) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Scratch](/Scratch) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Scss](/Scss) - Added By [AzerothA](https://github.com/AzerothA)
- [Swift](/Swift) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)


### T

---

- [Tcl](/Tcl) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)
- [Typescript](/Typescript) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)


### V

---

- [V](/V) - Added By [Jadi Mirmirani](https://github.com/jadijadi)
- [Vala](/Vala) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)

Commit message:

Cow added to README.md using gen-readme.py

README.md, after:

<p>
<img alt="GitHub repo size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
<img alt="GitHub closed pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/BlackIQ/Hello-World">
</p>

# Hello World And some Examples in different Programming Languages

This repository contains a big list of programming languages and some examples for them. Also there are some descriptions about them and some tutorials. If you want to learn a programming language, the decriptions, tutorials and examples for that language in this repo might be helpful.

## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, read [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Total Languages in the Repository: 63.


### A

---

- [Arduino](/Arduino) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Assembly](/Assembly) - Added By [Taha Farahani](https://github.com/tahacodes)


### B

---

- [Bash](/Bash) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Batch](/Batch) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Befunge](/Befunge) - Added By [Saeed Nejati](https://github.com/saeednj)
- [Brainfuck](/Brainfuck) - Added By [Amirmahdi Tafreshi](https://github.com/mr-tafreshi)


### C

---

- [C](/C) - Added By [Mohammad Ebrahime](https://github.com/moheb2000)
- [COBOL](/COBOL) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Clojure](/Clojure) - Added By [Milad Ahmadi](https://github.com/Mildroid)
- [Cobra](/Cobra) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [CoffeScript](/CoffeScript) - Added By [Mehen](https://github.com/mehanalavimajd)
- [Cow](/Cow) - Added By [Saeed Bayat](https://github.com/01shadowalker01)
- [Cpp](/Cpp) - Added By [Mani Jamali](https://github.com/manijamali2003)
- [Csharp](/Csharp) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Css](/Css) - Added By [Amin Ghs](https://github.com/aminghs)
- [Curl](/Curl) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)


### D

---

- [D](/D) - Added By [Sina](https://github.com/sina-devel)
- [Dart](/Dart) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)
- [Django](/Django) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Docker](/Docker) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)


### E

---

- [Elixir](/Elixir) - Added By [Kourosh Alinaghi](https://github.com/KouroshAlinaghi)
- [Erlang](/Erlang) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)


### F

---

- [Flask-python-framework](/Flask-python-framework) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Flutter](/Flutter) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Fortran](/Fortran) - Added By [Saeed Bayat](https://github.com/01shadowalker01)
- [Fsharp](/Fsharp) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)


### G

---

- [Go](/Go) - Added By [Sina Yeganeh Faal](https://github.com/SinaYeganeh0-0)
- [Go-Gin](/Go-Gin) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Groovy](/Groovy) - Added By [Elyas 'Eloy' Hadizadeh Tasbiti](https://github.com/elyashadizadeh)


### H

---

- [Hack](/Hack) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Hashemi](/Hashemi) - Added By [Erfan Saberi](https://github.com/erfansaberi)
- [Haskell](/Haskell) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)
- [Haxe](/Haxe) - Added By [Amin Asadi](https://github.com/aminasadiam)
- [Html](/Html) - Added By [Sina Yeganeh Faal](https://github.com/SinaYeganeh0-0)


### J

---

- [Java](/Java) - Added By [Mani Jamali](https://github.com/manijamali2003)
- [JavaScript](/JavaScript) - Added By [Amin Ghs](https://github.com/aminghs)
- [Julia](/Julia) - Added By [Ali Madihi](https://github.com/mrunderline)


### K

---

- [Kotlin](/Kotlin) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)


### L

---

- [Lua](/Lua) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)


### M

---

- [Makefile](/Makefile) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
- [Matlab](/Matlab) - Added By [Mohammad Mirsafaei](https://github.com/MohammadMirsafaei)


### O

---

- [OBJECTIVE-C](/OBJECTIVE-C) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [OCaml](/OCaml) - Added By [Mohammad Masoudi](https://github.com/mmasoudih)
- [Octave](/Octave) - Added By [Sato](https://github.com/satocoder)


### P

---

- [Pascal](/Pascal) - Added By [Arian Ebrahimi](https://github.com/ribrea)
- [Pashmak](/Pashmak) - Added By [Parsa](https://github.com/pashmaklang)
- [Perl](/Perl) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Php](/Php) - Added By [Mohammad Reza Ebadollah](https://github.com/ebad84)
- [Python](/Python) - Added By [Reza Bojnordi](https://github.com/rezabojnordi)


### R

---

- [R](/R) - Added By [Arian Ebrahimi](https://github.com/ribrea)
- [Red](/Red) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Ruby](/Ruby) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)
- [Rust](/Rust) - Added By [Amirmahdi Tafreshi](https://github.com/mr-tafreshi)


### S

---

- [SQL](/SQL) - Added By [Saeed Bayat](https://github.com/01shadowalker01)
- [Scala](/Scala) - Added By [Elyas 'Eloy' Hadizadeh Tasbiti](https://github.com/elyashadizadeh)
- [Scheme](/Scheme) - Added By [Sami Ghasemi](https://github.com/sami2020pro)
- [Scratch](/Scratch) - Added By [shahriar](https://github.com/shahriaarrr)
- [Scss](/Scss) - Added By [AzerothA](https://github.com/AzerothA)
- [Swift](/Swift) - Added By [Amir Lesani](https://github.com/xenups)


### T

---

- [Tcl](/Tcl) - Added By [Javad Rajabzade](https://github.com/Ja7adR)
- [Typescript](/Typescript) - Added By [Amirhossein Mohammadi](https://github.com/BlackIQ)


### V

---

- [V](/V) - Added By [Jadi Mirmirani](https://github.com/jadijadi)
- [Vala](/Vala) - Added By [Amirhossein Meydani](https://github.com/amireshoon)
